All right welcome back my students I hope you're having fun with this little complication here and the
course so far.
But anyway we have come very far.
Right now we are actually you know making this action container here you know putting the buns there
right now we're what would I like to see here is a value coming from the database to each of this specific
value from each of these roles here.
Right.
So let's do that right now let's bring a value there.
Let's go back to a process that BHP and on the ttes here has put a value here and the value would be
the title right.
So will say we won the title here.
All right.
So that would be the value of the Chicot.
And as you can see now we had different values there.
Beautiful.
All right.
So now the next thing that we need is to be able to send a request to the server to update these values.
Take this to the server and tell the server listen I want you to update this right with this new value
that I'm putting in this box here.
So how do we do that.
Well first we need to grab the value right.
And then we need to grab the ID of it as well.
So that way we can send those bill for that information to the server right to to process it.
All right.
So
let's start writing our Jake wari.
All right.
Perfect.
And remember what I told you about anomic tetes I mean dynamic data is that we need to have the same
functionality on the same page that we are creating on the namak data.
Right.
So let's use this script here.
You know what we need something like this here just to make sure we need it in that display cards.
All right make sure that you have that there.
It's very important to have that there.
Save it.
Let's take that to the process that each page.
Just before we write any Jake where are we here.
All right.
Take that there as well.
And then we'll have this here and there.
Bring that down like this.
All right.
So let's fry some global variables here just in case we need the I.D. and we need that title right.
Perfect.
Now we can write some comments here and say you know what.
Extract
ID untied or something like that.
All right.
Now how can we extract it from here.
How do we calm this guy right here.
Well we're not going to be putting a lot of this right now.
Not many touch which is one so we can use an ID.
All right.
We can use this car.
I t.
We can use that class to get the value out.
All right let's check it out.
Actually
let's just make it more meaningful.
How about that would make something something a little.
More meaningful than this.
Where are we going to get.
Let me just go back here.
Right now we can get the idea from here.
We need the ID's somehow right.
Because we can get a value that's ok we can get it from this from this input but we also need the ideas
that we need to get the idea from
right.
All right.
So what we're going to be doing is when we click on this tets input here you're going to be a garroting
to value two things we're going to be grabbing the idea in the title right.
So first of all let's actually put that somewhere.
So we got it tied on the value and I mean the title there and then we can make Rayle not your view and
put the idea in there.
All right.
So that way we can pull it out.
To the tune right here.
Copy right here and make sure that we change it for the ID.
All right.
And that's how we're going to do
perfect.
Let's go down.
That's right.
Jake where are we now.
Let's see if we can get it by
know what we should actually put a different name on this something like title tets or title input that's
more meaningful.
Can use a class or you can use an idea I just don't want to put more stuffing here.
All right.
So from the title input I want to when we actually want to use our own function and when
we put our select that right on that input we're run dysfunction.
All right.
So I'm going to grab two values when I click on this text input two values a title and ID.
Beautiful I think is better like that we can do in different ways.
But I think it's better now let's use Jake wari here to extract that.
Let's use you know what this like this an 80 or let's get the first from the.
And the second one is going to be the title.
And this also used this Hoopes.
And we'll just get it out like this you know and just to test this out we can just say Alert alert title
or title and see how that works save it.
Come back here.
Refresh and just click on it.
Folks there we go.
So
all right you need to tie down to get those values out.
I think this is a lot better than we can use other functionality we can use on click blur.
I mean there's a whole bunch of things that we can use but I found that this is the best one to use
with input.
The input one arises when you type you get all those values out immediately.
Beautiful.
So we got that there.
Let's actually put another common he is going to get you used to writing comments
of date.
And I think this would be the last one that I do with you.
All right.
Perfect.
So now down here what we going to be doing is writing the functionality for the Ajax.
All right.
So anyway thank you so much on the next lecture we'll target that.
And it's been a pleasure.
Take care.